Docs clarification on naming jinja filters file (#692)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/plugins/development.md

Plugins can define custom Jinja2 filters to be used when rendering templates defined in computed fields. Check out the [official Jinja2 documentation](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/api/#custom-filters) on how to create filter functions.

> In the file that defines your filters (specified in the [PluginConfig](#pluginconfig-attributes)), you must import the `library` module from the `django_jinja` library. Filters must then be decorated with `@library.filter`. See an example below that defines a filter called `leet_speak`.

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
In the file that defines your filters (by default `jinja_filters.py`, but configurable in the [PluginConfig](#pluginconfig-attributes) if desired), you must import the `library` module from the `django_jinja` library. Filters must then be decorated with `@library.filter`. See an example below that defines a filter called `leet_speak`.
```
